This week, I was able to learn how to use the while loop and the try-catch block to execute the instructed outcomes asked in set 3. I still make mistakes in formatting or missed some punctuations here and there but as I start to get used to reading and typing in python, I was able to identify my mistake easier. Learning the while loop and the try-catch block was a bit of confusing at first, as the other weeks' exercises are too. This time, I was confused on how to add inputs and the way to format everything because I wasn't taking my time to research and digest the information I found in the lectures and online. However, I slowly understood the functions of the parts of the loops and which part to return/break. Furthermore, I came across a problem where the code kept on repeatedly input the given prompt into my terminal, which halted me from testing the other parts of the exercise. Thus, I learned that I could use ctrl + C to stop the code from running and retest my work. Lastly, learning how to do a binary search and testing it out gave me insight on how it can affectively find an answer swiftly through the code. I discovered that testing the use of a normal division versus an integer division to find the average of a range has drastically affected how fast the code runs. Moreover, exercise 4 also touched upon the past exercises on the use of the if/else loop which let me refresh my memory on how it worked. I still had some problems with formatting the code at first but I am slowly starting to understand how to write commands/steps into the coding language. I started to try breaking down the given instructions one by one and translating it into the code so that I could fully understand the usage of each functions and when to use it.
Other than the specific loops and functions I could use, formatting was also a challenge that took my a while to get used to. Nesting the loops/blocks inside one and another was confusing at first but after understanding the purpose of each one, I'm slowly able to understand which one I have to use first and what comes after.

while: used to repeat a block of code within a specific condition
try and except: used to handle errors or exceptions while testing the program (e.g. ValueError)
If and else: to execute the code with multiple possibilities/conditions
