Week 2: While having picked up some of the keywords and learning the base knowledge on how to code during the lecture, I still make some obvious mistakes in the exercises and at times I would forget the fundamental ways on how to utilise different types of methods to get the wanted outcome. I've realized that before I entered anything, I first have to identify what is the most suitable way to approach each part of the exercise. Furthermore, I realized that I am too rigid in my way of thinking and that I should allow myself to experiment rather than striving to get the correct answer before testing the code. This let me to understand that there is a lot of freedom to test out an initial hypothesis and add slight changes to each part of the code and see its effect. Through mistakes and the exercises done, I've gradually gotten use to the format and keywords used and ways to tweak my code so that I could get the right answer. Other than that, I realized while doings tests that I could try doing literal things like combining words with the "+" sign. While there are formats in some situations, this exercise allows me to consider the possible approaches that I can utilize to fulfill the code.
Through exercise 3, we went deeper with creating lists and I found out that I could use the .append to add elements to my list. The examples guided me in the way I could format my code and parts that I have to tweak to personalize it to the specific exercise. I had to most difficulty trying to create the pyramid due to having a hard time understanding the pattern that I should apply to get the desired outcome. However, I played a lot with values and signs to test different outcomes. The implementation of i and j in row.append led me to realize that there are a lot of things I could input and nest into my code.
